README.md, before:

# Battleship game 
Proof of concept site: [battleship.lcalvin.com](https://battleship.lcalvin.com/)

Self-directed learning on Head First JavaScript programming, 
with my own understanding illustrated in comprehensive notes/comments along the javascript code.

Media assets, Javascript, HTML, CSS codes are adapted from the physical book and website.

Hosted here on GitHub pages, no WordPress or Jekyll template required!

## Reference: 
1. Freeman, E. and Robson, E., 2014.
   Head First JavaScript programming. 1st ed.
   Sebastopol, California, United States of America:
   O'Reilly Media, Inc,
   pp.317 - 380 (Chapter 8: Building an app, Bring it all together).
2. Freeman, E. and Robson, E., n.d.
   Head First JavaScript Programming. [online] Wickedlysmart.com.
   Available at: <https://www.wickedlysmart.com/hfjs/>
   [Accessed 5 June 2021].

## Check out my other works hosted on GitHub pages here!
[slickshots.lcalvin.com](https://slickshots.lcalvin.com/)  
[diving.lcalvin.com](https://diving.lcalvin.com/)

Commit message:

Elaborated logic behind Battleship web app
Where MVC framework is used behind the Battleship web app.

README.md, after:

# Battleship game 
Proof of concept site: [battleship.lcalvin.com](https://battleship.lcalvin.com/)

This project uses MVC framework within its Javascript code, separating the logic and presentation layer behind Battleship web app into 3 logical components:

Model
- Contains game logic and data. 
- Keeps state of game, contains logic relates to state changes.

View: 
- Presents data to user and handles user interaction. 
- Keep display up to date with messages, hits and misses

Controller: 
- Interface between Model and View components.
- Keeps tracks of user's guess, progress, user input and brings to model

Self-directed learning on Head First JavaScript programming, 
with my own understanding illustrated in comprehensive notes/comments along the javascript code.

Media assets, Javascript, HTML, CSS codes are adapted from the physical book and website.

Hosted here on GitHub pages, no WordPress or Jekyll template required!

## Reference: 
1. Freeman, E. and Robson, E., 2014.
   Head First JavaScript programming. 1st ed.
   Sebastopol, California, United States of America:
   O'Reilly Media, Inc,
   pp.317 - 380 (Chapter 8: Building an app, Bring it all together).
2. Freeman, E. and Robson, E., n.d.
   Head First JavaScript Programming. [online] Wickedlysmart.com.
   Available at: <https://www.wickedlysmart.com/hfjs/>
   [Accessed 5 June 2021].

## Check out my other works hosted on GitHub pages here!
[slickshots.lcalvin.com](https://slickshots.lcalvin.com/)  
[diving.lcalvin.com](https://diving.lcalvin.com/)
